incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( A Super Market in California by Allen Ginsberg ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( What thoughts I have of you tonight, Walt Whitman, for I walked down the sidestreets under the trees with a headache self-conscious looking at the full moon. ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( In my hungry fatigue, and shopping for images, I went into the neon fruit supermarket, dreaming of your enumerations! ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( What peaches and what penumbras! Whole families shopping at night! Aisles full of husbands! Wives in the avocados, babies in the tomatoes!—and you, Garcia Lorca, what were you doing down by the watermelons? ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( I saw you, Walt Whitman, childless, lonely old grubber, poking among the meats in the refrigerator and eyeing the grocery boys. ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( I heard you asking questions of each: Who killed the pork chops? What price bananas? Are you my Angel? ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( I wandered in and out of the brilliant stacks of cans following you, and followed in my imagination by the store detective. ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( We strode down the open corridors together in our solitary fancy tasting artichokes, possessing every frozen delicacy, and never passing the cashier. ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( Where are we going, Walt Whitman? The doors close in an hour. Which way does your beard point tonight? ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( I touch your book and dream of our odyssey in the supermarket and feel absurd.) ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( Will we walk all night through solitary streets? The trees add shade to shade, lights out in the houses, we'll both be lonely. ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( Will we stroll dreaming of the lost America of love past blue automobiles in driveways, home to our silent cottage? ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
incredible detailed comic book style drawing of ( Ah, dear father, graybeard, lonely old courage-teacher, what America did you have when Charon quit poling his ferry and you got out on a smoking bank and stood watching the boat disappear on the black waters of Lethe? ), ink drawing, clean lines, halftone, authentic
